In this document, I collect the papers I found interesting  to read for the research.

1) projection-based reduced order model for simulations of Nonlinear flows with multiple moving objects: https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02338.pdf
Openfoam is used in this paper combining with POD.

2) Global model reduction for flows with moving boundary: https://wordpress.nmsu.edu/mjwei/files/2015/05/AIAA-2014-0222_Wei.pdf.

In this paper, the computational domain is a fixed domain and the method used is the immersed boundary method(IB). We can use moving domain and ALE method.

3) Finite Volume Based Fluid-Structure Interaction Solver: 

4) OpenFOAM FINITE VOLUME SOLVER FOR FLUID-SOLID INTERACTION

5) Reduced-order modeling by POD-multiphase approach for fluid-structure interaction

6) Analysis of finite element and finite volume methods for fluid-structure interaction simulation of blood flow in a real stenosed artery.

7) LOW ORDER DYNAMICAL SYSTEM IN FLUID STRUCTUREINTERACTION USING POD METHOD

8) The finite volume method for coupled fluid flow and stress

9) Application of the finite volume method and unstructured meshes to linear elasticity,

10) Updated lagrangian finite volume solver for large deformation dynamic response of elastic body 

11) A large strain finite volume method for orthotropic bodies with general
material orientations

12) Arbitrary crack propagation in multi-phase materials using the finite volume method

13) Updated lagrangian finite volume solver for large deformation dynamic response of  elastic body

14) Reduced Order Modeling of flow fields in cylinder arrangements in the context of fluid structure interaction

15) Modèle réduit par couplage POD-fonction caractéristique en interaction fluide structure

16) POD-Galerkin Projection ROM for the Flow Passing A Rotating Elliptical Airfoil

17) Methods for Simulation-based Analysis of Fluid-Structure Interaction

18) Numerical Methods for Fluid-Structure Interaction- A Review

19) The finite volume method for coupled fluid flow and stress analysis

20) A Finite Volume Method for the Solution of Fluid Flows Coupled with the
Mechanical Behavior of Compacting Porous Media (downloded)

21) On the application of the Reduced Basis Method to Fluid-Structure Interaction problems (Monica)

22) Fluid Structure Interaction: Fundamentals and Application - A Review

23) Proper orthogonal decomposition investigation in fluid structure interaction

24) Reference Map Technique for Incompressible Fluid–Structure Interaction

25) Algorithms for fluid-structure interaction problems arising in hemodynamics(A Quaini): 
In this frame work, the fsi problem focused
blood vessel which deals with the so called added mass effect and then some Algorithms for Numerical solution of the coupled problem are adressed. 
For example GMRES algorithm which is suitable in the presence of a strong added mass effect.
We can also use monolithic approach. In this method/ technique, the fsi probem tends to be well conditionned as the added mass effect is becoming critical. 
Some strategies proposed in this thesis are extended to fluid-elastic structure interaction.
The inexact factorization technique is taking in account due the pros of the good accuracy properties.

26) Méthodes d’éléments finis pour les interactions fluide-structure(these): chapter3: fsi ALE approach.
In this chapter, two families of methods to solve fsi problems are presented(monolithic and partitionned implicit scheme). 
As it's has been shown that monolithic approach and implicit partionned scheme 
behave the same, the implicit partionned technique is prefered and it's applied to structure with huge deformation in a Newtonian Incompressible fluid. 
In the same chapter, different types of mesh motion models are adressed(see also 27 below). 
We have mesh motion with harmonic model, mesh motion with linear elastic model, mesh motion with biharmonic model
and mesh motion with Kringage. It's reported that harmonic model is cheap follows by the biharmonic model in computational sense. 
In chapter4, the author presented a multiphisic coupled problem of fsi-turbulent. The algorithm he used is supposed to be the best among others algorithm(5.1.5)
combined with the algorithm he developped (3.6).


27) Modeling, Discretization, Optimization, and Simulation of Fluid-Structure Interaction (Thomas Wick)

28) interaction fluide-structure par la méthode des éléments spectraux(these)
